No time to save
But my Chu family ancestor and Shenyu are saved
You promised
Today is the ancestor of the Chu family coming to find me
I don't save either
Big eater
deer
How did the big eater find you?
Miss Deer
He is the marketing road that the big eater king misses
Why did you kidnap him?
Where are you taking him?
I don't know who didn't care about his life or death
Leave him alone on the side of the road
My lady kindly brought him back
Delicious and delicious to serve
I also specially asked to see a doctor because of him
What qualifications do you have to question your lady?
Then why did you tie him up?
This guy keeps yelling to see you
Death cannot be cured
If I don't tie him up
I have to crawl to see you
Xiao Lu, right?
I warn you.
Stay away from my people